# i.Q
Multi-Platform Desktop JS-to-PY SYSTEM level FUNCTION LIBRARY access and STANDARD POWERFUL WIDELY UNDERSTOOD KNOWLEDGE REUSE THOUGHTFUL KIND GOOD MAINTAINED SUPPORTED HTML WEB Graphical User Interface GUI PARADIGM MODEL WAY using OPEN SOUCE PYTHON and much thanks to the PYTHON Eel project courtesy of Chris Knotts and Sam Williams that will run on all desktops including LINUX pathX /i.Q/ MAC pathX and WINDOWS pathW c:\i.Q\ and the same JS GUI can be used to make http(s) network calls to remote web servers' SYSTEM FUNCTION LIBRARIES that thanks to NativeScript.org and NodeJs can resuse the same HTML CSS JAVASCRIPT web GUI as the PYTHON Eel project and all can enjoy a web, desktop or mobile app VIRTUAL FRIENDLY NEIGHBORHOOD 3D "LOOK" and "FEEL" DRIVE THROUGH with the real you and me ... G_D IS WITH US ... GOOD IS COMING ... PROMISE ... TURN IT UPSIDE DOWN ... Isaiah ... Matthew 18:3 ... Blessed are the PUREHEART for they shall see G_D. Matthew 5:8 ... "Your 'gift' little drummer boy given out of the simple desperation of a PURE LOVE is the one favored above all." ... Little Drummer Boy - The 'Gift' of LOVE 1968 ... THE POWER OF YOUR INTENTIONS ... TRUTHstreamMedia ... TINNA TINH "REMOVE NEGATIVE ENERGY" ... DRUKMO GYAL "GREEN TARA" ... NO DIGGITY. NO DAP. ... GIRLS GENERATION "GEE" ... GIRLS GENERATION "WE BRING THE BOYS OUT" ... NELLY "BATTER UP" ... MURPHY LEE "WHAT DA' HOOK GON' BE?" ... PUREHEART ... KEEP YOUR PUREHEART ... THAT'S THE HOOK ... YOU ARE GOING TO NEED IT ... PROMISE ... Did I mention my name is on the wall at Naval Justice School, Newport, Rhode Island, ameriQa? ... See you back 'home' ... PROMISE ... for ANDROID pathX iOS pathX NativeScript.org NodeJs Mobile Deployment Model using JavaScript as GUI FrontEnd; C# PYTHON +++ as  Logic MiddleWare; SQLite as Data BackEnd. You know what I AM getting at, RIGHT? MATTHEW 18:6 ... Cool. WORD. Love ya' bye. ENTERTAIN NO DOUBT. We are many. We are GOOD. We are coming. GOOD IS COMING and G_D IS WITH US. PROMISE. MATTHEW 5:8. PUREHEART. MATTHEW 18:3. Do you believe in coincidences? My grandfather's father, my great-grandfather, John Edgar Flaherty, was born 1883 December 25 and his mother was named Mary and his father's name was Joseph ... My first son, John Edgar Flaherty V, was born on my grandfather, John Edgar Flaherty Jr's birthday, July 13. My grandfather, John Edgar Flaherty Jr, served in the U.S. Army 'reluctantly' and was sent as a 'medic' driving Harley Davidson sidecar motorcycles to protect the PUREHEART PILIPINAs in Leyte, Philippines. On November 10, 2020, I celebrated my 30th anniversary with a GOOD HEARTED WOMAN sing it Waylon from the Philippines and her mother lived in Leyte, Philippines WAY back then when I was just a 'twinkle' in G_D's eyes, my mom's eyes and my dad's eyes. ... The more I learn the more I realize how little I know. ... Bigger than you can imagine. ... PUREHEART ... PURE CRYSTALLINE LAUGHTER ... LOVE ONE ANOTHER ... I AM so very proud of the community of software engineers, developers, and other titles 'they' call 'us' beCAUSE you are in TRUTH with most PUREHEART most generous and exactly the kind of GO-GETTERS I AM looking for my new GET US BACK TO HEAVEN project ... slowest runner in the front of the line ... double time ... WE ALL FINISH ... NO ONE LEFT BEHIND ... EVERYONE FINISHES THE 'RUN" ... "FEEL ME" ... "I SEE YOU" ... THANK YOU ALL ... MOST HUMBLE AND GREAT ... you are the "kind" kind I like ... For the record, I, John Edgar Flaherty IV, was born 1968 August 12.  JOHN 15:1-22. Respectfully, John Edgar Flaherty IV "MAKE A WAY"
